MTV-1375: add warning about certain guest configurations (#547)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/doc-Migration_Toolkit_for_Virtualization/master.adoc

* To start with a source provider, see xref:creating-migration-plan-2-6-3_provider[Creating a migration plan starting with a source provider].
* To start with specific VMs, see xref:creating-migration-plan-2-6-3_vms[Creating a migration plan starting with specific VMs].

[WARNING]
====

> The administrator must ensure that no data consistency issues arise when a guest initiates storage connections independently, such as Internet Small Computer Systems Interface (iSCSI) connections or Network File System (NFS) mounts.

Reviewer: Virtual machines with guest initiated storage connections, such as Internet Small Computer Systems Interface (iSCSI) connections or Network File System (NFS) mounts, are not handled by {product} and might require additional planning before or reconfiguration after the migration.

Reviewer: How about this?

Author: Grand so. Updated. Thanks

> The administrator must ensure that no data consistency issues arise when a guest initiates storage connections independently, such as Internet Small Computer Systems Interface (iSCSI) connections or Network File System (NFS) mounts.

Author: ```suggestion
Virtual machines with guest initiated storage connections, such as Internet Small Computer Systems Interface (iSCSI) connections or Network File System (NFS) mounts, are not handled by {project-short} and could require additional planning before or reconfiguration after the migration.
```
